[Music]
yeah I was the guy that dropped
everything you helped me what am I
supposed to hang around Grand Central
Station till she shows up in an innocent
line he's a friend we take the train
together and and I like him
[Music]
to people finding each other
married people are key to feeling the
excitement falling in love take it all
time taking my apartment my asking the
questions
what are you gonna do that taking the
chances what's going on with us I mean
what's the matter I met a woman on the
train just look for that Mary that would
have made it easier Robert De Niro
please just can I see you
Meryl Streep I'm gonna go see him I
don't understand why are you doing this
falling in love sometimes magic is the
only thing that's real
[Music]